hi i'm jen fidel founder of the pack mom
and today we're talking about a really
easy way to make your life as a pet
parent just that much more simple and
weighted vest for dogs will do just that
so why would you use a weighted vest for
dogs well the first thing that probably
comes to mind is weight loss just like
us if we start working out with weights
whether it be lifting or walking with
leg weights we're going to build lean
muscle mass and get our metabolism to be
healthy and active same thing for our
dogs secondly if you have that hyper dog
that doesn't ever seem to get tired and
you really need to have them tired
before you leave for work try a weighted
vest maybe you only have time for a 10
minute walk when really you need a 30
minute jog throw on a weighted vest and
that dog will get tired and lastly but
maybe most importantly if you have a dog
that has behavioral problems whether
that's aggression or nervous anxiety
that cause destructive behavior at your
home a weighted vest can really get them
tired out and get them in the right
frame of mind so they are better behaved
and curbed whatever behavioral issue
you're having how do we use a weighted
vest for dogs so easy you can start off
by putting 10 percent of your dog's body
weight into the vest so if you have a 60
pound dog start out with about 6 pounds
of weight in your bag so you can do
something as simple as a water bottle
there poop bags your cellphone you get
my drift here you can put anything you
need to take on the walk in the bag in
the best I should say you can even do
cans of dog food or a soup can that
maybe you have in your pantry so always
start out with a lower amount of weight
10% or so and you can work all the way
up to about 20 percent of your dog's
weight but believe me this is a great
way to get your dog into the right frame
of mind lose a little bit of weight and
be better behaved at home i'm jen fidel
founder of the pack
and today we're talking about weighted
vests for dogs hope you found it helpful